Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
Whoever doesn't flare up at someone who's angry wins a battle hard to win.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
That's the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well.
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars; I look around for 1-foot bars that I can step over.
To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it.
All this modern technology just makes people try to do everything at once.
Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation.
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, and wear Reebok.
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal.
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
We must become the change we want to see.
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process.
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention.
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
Perfection of means and confusion of ends seems to characterize our age.
'As I am, so are they; as they are, so am I.' Comparing others with oneself, do not kill nor cause others to kill.
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.
When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands.
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
When an opponent comes forward, move in and greet him; if he wants to pull back, send him on his way.
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
A noble one produces an abundance of merit by having a compassionate mind towards all living beings.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
If you have a harem of 40 women, you never get to know any of them very well.
All phenomena are preceded by the mind, created by the mind, and have the mind as their master.
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
Forgiveness is that subtle thread that binds both love and friendship. Without forgiveness, you may not even have a child one day.
Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
We gain the strength of the temptation we resist.
Just as much as we see in others, we have in ourselves.
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future.
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high, and we miss it, but that it is too low, and we reach it.
Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple.
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.
Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
I had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes.
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
Ardently do today what must be done. Who knows? Tomorrow, death comes.
As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremist pleasure in life.
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything.
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness.
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom.
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
Some do not understand that we must die, But those who do realize this settle their quarrels.
You don't play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball.
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people.
Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame.
The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
It's a good thing to be satisfied with what one has.
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
The human spirit must prevail over technology.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
Just be patient. Let the game come to you. Don't rush. Be quick, but don't hurry.
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!'
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
I never teach my pupils. I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn.
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings.
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
At the center of your being, you have the answer; you know who you are, and you know what you want.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party.
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.
Much though he recites the sacred texts, but acts not accordingly, that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others
We are all something, but none of us are everything.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain.
The smaller the mind the greater the conceit.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
To hell with circumstances, I create opportunities.
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
Resolutely train yourself to attain peace.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.
Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others. But let one see one's own acts, done and undone.
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense.
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead.
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated.
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
I, too, do not envision a doctrine of self the clinging to which there would not arise sorrow, lamentation, pain, grief, and despair.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
They can do all because they think they can.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture.
Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
With age comes wisdom and a high sex drive. And the wisdom to enjoy it.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
Friendship is essentially a partnership.
It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others.
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
There's power in looking silly and not caring that you do.
The only time to buy these is on a day with no 'y' in it.
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they've tried everything else.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
The day of fortune is like a harvest day, we must be busy when the corn is ripe.
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course.
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head.
You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
Faith, as well intentioned as it may be, must be built on facts, not fiction--faith in fiction is a damnable false hope.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
I want my friend to miss me as long as I miss him.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
Technology is a word that describes something that doesn't work yet.
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill.
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts.
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
Should someone do good, let them do it again and again. They should develop this habit, for the accumulation of goodness brings joy.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts.
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone.
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have.
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
I have learned that friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who came and never left your side.
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Ceasing to do evil, Cultivating the good, Purifying the heart: This is the teaching of the Buddhas.
In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
When fate hands us a lemon, let's try to make lemonade.
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, in every rill a sweet instruction flows.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
Whatever has the nature of arising has the nature of ceasing.
Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
Better than a thousand useless words is one useful word, upon hearing which one attains peace.
How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world, given my waist and shirt size?
It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink.
A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments.
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom.
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
I do not know the American gentleman, god forgive me for putting two such words together.
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
It is good even for old men to learn wisdom.
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors.
If you have one true friend, you have more than your share.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
The simplest things are often the truest.
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.
TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public.
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature.
Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.
Many sophisticated, intelligent people lack wisdom and common sense.
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
I violated the Noah rule: Predicting rain doesn't count; building arks does.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe.
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.
Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
Technology presumes there's just one right way to do things and there never is.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
The ultimate promise of technology is to make us master of a world that we command by the push of a button.
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy.
You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes.
Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community.
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything.
If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it.
An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means.
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see.
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life.
Football is football and talent is talent. But the mindset of your team makes all the difference.
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
Purity and impurity depend on oneself; no one can purify another.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow.
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
Wisdom often times consists of knowing what to do next.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Unless one is able to live fully in the present, the future is a hoax.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
You can't win unless you learn how to lose.
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves.
God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure.
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more.
A wise person should be urgently moved on occasions that make for urgency.
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom.
The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer...
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Just as a flower, which seems beautiful has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of a man who speaks them but does them not.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
To change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend.
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play.
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
None knows the weight of another's burden.
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.
The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
Even youngish men can acquire wisdom as time goes by.
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful.
All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life.
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing.
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time.
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
I will give you a definition of a proud man: he is a man who has neither vanity nor wisdom one filled with hatreds cannot be vain, neither can he be wise.
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else?
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response.
I will prepare and someday my chance will come.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed.
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
No person is your friend who demands your silence or denies your right to grow.
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
Both formerly and now, it is only suffering that I describe, and the cessation of suffering.
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
There is nothing permanent except change.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people.
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive!
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters.
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
Technology is teaching us to be human again.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven.
I'll prepare and someday my chance will come.
The only way to prove that you're a good sport is to lose.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way.
If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Between saying and doing, many a pair of shoes is worn out.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that's my religion.
Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom.
Communications tools don't get socially interesting until they get technologically boring.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
Of all possessions a friend is the most precious.
As a water bead on a lotus leaf, as water on a red lily, does not adhere, so the sage does not adhere to the seen, the heard, or the sensed.
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.
Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship?
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Imagination is more important than knowledge...
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is.
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
Train up a fig tree in the way it should go, and when you are old sit under the shade of it.
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences.
Delight in heedfulness! Guard well your thoughts!
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries.
By oneself is evil done; by oneself is one defiled. By oneself is evil left undone; by oneself is one made pure.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
A single lamp may light hundreds of thousands of lamps without itself being diminished.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems.
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
It's only when the tide goes out that you discover who's been swimming naked.
Conquer anger with non-anger. Conquer badness with goodness. Conquer meanness with generosity. Conquer dishonesty with truth.
Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity.
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Hell, there are no rules here-- we're trying to accomplish something.
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
All I required to be happy was friendship and people I could admire.
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.
The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention.
The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed. Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing.
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend.
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas.
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is equivalent to magic.
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
Learning is finding out what you already know.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer.
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
I think somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
To keep your secret is wisdom; but to expect others to keep it is folly.
Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
From wonder into wonder existence opens.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
To find a man's true character, play golf with him.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer and practice it.
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
The fewer rules a coach has, the fewer rules there are for players to break.
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life.
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time.
Technology has to be invented or adopted.
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure.
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back, they're yours; if they don't, they never were.
Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but reveal to them their own.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
The universe is made of stories, not atoms.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
By nature, man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.
The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions.
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
Injuries may be forgiven, but not forgotten.
I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland.
Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born.
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
Love is rarer than genius itself. And friendship is rarer than love.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind.
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude.
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice.
Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.
Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
All our talents increase in the using, and every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
Trying to sneak a fastball past Hank Aaron is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster.
One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
Reality does not conform to the ideal but confirms it.
Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people.
I took a speed-reading course and read 'War and Peace' in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man.
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
The great myth of our times is that technology is communication.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship.
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
Every friendship is different because everyone's personality is different.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
I endeavor to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites.
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
We are masters of the unsaid words, but slaves of those we let slip out.
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse.
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
Value your friendship. Value your relationships.
We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely.
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him.
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
I believe that every person is born with talent.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them.
True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of oneself, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions.
The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth.
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk.
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whisky.
Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort.
He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care.
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill.
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring.
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist or accept responsibility for changing them.
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
The fall of dropping water wears away the Stone.
Error is discipline through which we advance.
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
Ethical axioms are found and tested not very differently from the axioms of science. Truth is what stands the test of experience.
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own.
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Vanity can easily overtake wisdom. It usually overtakes common sense.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
Acquaintances we meet, enjoy, and can easily leave behind; but friendship grows deep roots.
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work.
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks.
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book.
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
We can do no great things, only small things with great love.
Knowledge has three degrees: opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.
My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging.
The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next.
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life.
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life.
Conditions fall apart. Persist with diligence.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.
Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late someday.
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.
If I find 10,000 ways something won't work, I haven't failed. I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.
Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed.
All experiences are preceded by mind, having mind as their master, created by mind.
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better.
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
A friend is what the heart needs all the time.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.
The world is afflicted by death and decay. But the wise do not grieve, having realized the nature of the world.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
What is past is left behind. The future is yet unreached. Whatever quality is present, clearly see it right there.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Everything that happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.
Go to your bosom: Knock there and ask your heart what it doth know.
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health.
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive.
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
The friendship that can cease has never been real.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
Make it your habit not to be critical about small things.
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway.
If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
Heedfulness is the path to the Deathless. Heedlessness is the path to death. The heedful die not. The heedless are as if already dead.
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another; people are friends in spots.
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
Persuasion is often more effectual than force.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
You always succeed in producing a result.
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun.
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
Does wisdom perhaps appear on the earth as a raven which is inspired by the smell of carrion?
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
With pride, there are many curses. With humility, there come many blessings.
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
There are people who have money and people who are rich.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice.
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
The biggest room in the world is room for improvement.
Half the lies they tell about me aren't true.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become.
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life.
Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Most people get interested in stocks when everyone else is. The time to get interested is when no one else is. You can't buy what is popular and do well.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Much wisdom often goes with fewest words.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed.
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later.
Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Never promise more than you can perform.
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else.
If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
Sustaining true friendship is a lot more challenging than we give it credit for.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.
To choose what is difficult all one's days, as if it were easy, that is faith.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
Whatever is not yours: let go of it. Your letting go of it will be for your long-term happiness & benefit.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
If with a pure mind a person speaks or acts, happiness follows them like a never-departing shadow.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech.
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
You yourself must strive. The Buddhas only point the way.
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
It is impossible to love and to be wise.
The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship.
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
First-rate people hire first-rate people; second-rate people hire third-rate people.
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
You can't choose up sides on a round world.
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
One should not hurt others if one loves oneself.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires.
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
Wise men make more opportunities than they find.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till someone dash it from them.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
The years teach much which the days never know.
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
Technology is the campfire around which we tell our stories.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
We know what we are but know not what we may be.
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy.
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun.
Never deny a diagnosis but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise.
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
You win the victory when you yield to friends.
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good.
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom.
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
